[DOCS-8749] Update http_client.md (#24826)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/sources/http_client.md

disable_toc: false
---

> Use Observability Pipelines' HTTP/S Client source to pull logs from your HTTP/S server. Select and set up this source when you [set up a pipeline][1].

Author: ```suggestion
Use Observability Pipelines' HTTP/S Client source to pull logs from the upstream HTTP/S server. Select and set up this source when you [set up a pipeline][1].
```
